# Py_Ber_Challenge
I was tasked to check and see the trend with ride sharing and analyzing the revenue for each type.  I collected all the data to see the trends of the ridefares.  I made a database that gives us an idea of how much ride sharing services is used in rural, urban, and suburban areas. 

According to the results, it would appear that the urban landscape frequently uses the most rideshare services as it makes perfect sense.  Urban areas are more populated and more people would need the ride shares in order to get to places that they need to get to.  Rural areas make the least amount of money for the opposite reason.  There's less people, and less demand for a ride share service.  Suburban is in the middle as it is mostly residental.  There's more people in the suburban areas than in the rural, but less people than in the urban areas.  However, the three all have one thing in common: there is a large spike in revenue from ride shares near the end of February just before March.

Now here's three things that can be done about this.  One thing is that the business can invest more resources and time into their urban program, since this is where the money is at.  Another thing that can be done is to possibly increase more awareness in the rural division and have more drivers.  While there is less people, having more advertisement will let the people in the rural areas know that they have options in their area.  Hopefully, that will add more revenue for the company.  Lastly, for the suburban area, we can probably have some of the workers in the suburban division also work in the rural area as well to go with the plan to increase the advertisement for the rural areas.
